GEO_SHAPE typed columns must compute generated expressions (#13254)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

.. stable branch. You can add a version label (`v/X.Y`) to the pull request for
.. an automated mergify backport.

> - Fixed an issue that caused ignoring generated expressions on ``GEO_SHAPE``
>   columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused the generated expressions on columns of type
  ``GEO_SHAPE`` not being evaluated on writes and such being ignored.
```
